[DO NOT MERGE]  Dev Get Start Content Experiment (#4292)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/word/word-add-ins-programming-overview-experiment.md

Currently, all Word clients support the shared Office JavaScript API, and most clients support the Word JavaScript API. For details about supported clients, see [Office client application and platform availability for Office Add-ins](/javascript/api/requirement-sets).

We recommend that you start with the Word JavaScript API because the object model is easier to use. Use the Word JavaScript API if you need to do the following:

* Access the objects in a Word document.

Use the shared Office JavaScript API when you need to do any of the following:

* Target Word 2013.
* Perform initial actions for the application.
* Check the supported requirement set.
* Access metadata, settings, and environmental information for the document.
* Bind to sections in a document and capture events.
* Open a dialog box.

## Next steps

Discover practical add-in use cases and learn through hands-on scenario samples: [[Word] AI Content Generation](https://github.com/OfficeDev/Word-Scenario-based-Add-in-Samples/tree/main/Word-Add-in-AIGC).

> You can also start by following a step-by-step guidance [creating your first Word add-in](../quickstarts/word-quickstart.md). Then, learn about the [core concepts](word-add-ins-core-concepts.md) of building Word add-ins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you're ready to explore creating your own solution, [build your first Word add-in](../quickstarts/word-quickstart.md). Then, learn more about [core concepts](word-add-ins-core-concepts.md) to further extend the functionality of your add-in.
```
